This is the Research Group on “Computer Vision and Aerial Robotics” at CAR-UPM whose activities are oriented to two main objectives: UAV autonomous complex missions using on board sensors (i.e. Vision and Lidar) and on-board computing for autonomously flying in environments where GPS is not available (e.g. indoors) or where GPS doesn't provide enough accuracy (e.g. industrial inspection and/or manoeuvres close to obstacles).  We have our own open source framework for operating autonomous our missions www.aerostack.org. Autonomous image/video recognition and detection using Machine Learning, e.g. DL, as well as Image Processing techniques, mainly used for aerial images an also for other kind of images. Reinforcement Learning for controlling UAV is also one of our main research topics, based on both direct visual info and pose estimation. Sample of recent projects: Here we highlight some recent remarkable projects. Please ask for further information about these protects or others SHEREC: Safe, Healthy and Environmental Ship Recycling European Project under Program HORIZON-CL4-2023-HUMAN-01-. COPILOT: Photovoltaic Power Plant Inspection R&D projects funded by Madrid Government, in close coloration with local companies. AEROGENIA: Inspection of Windmills funded by the Spanish Ministry under the program Public-Private Collaboration. RATEC Localization and planning of thetered aerial+ground robots for inspection and maintenance tasks funded by Spanish Ministry under the program Prove of Concept. MINERVA: Environmental Risk Assessment Through Visual Assessment Private funding by company ARQUIMEA. DAR Project for Aircraft Inspection for AIRBUS Defence & Space. Boiler Inspection in Meirama Thermal Power Plant for Naturgy. We also love to participate in top International Competitions in drone autonomy, where we obtain relevant awards:  IMAV12, IMAV13, IARC14, IMAV16 and IMAV17, General Chair for IMAV 2019, coordinator of the international team awarded with the third place at the Grand Challenge MBZIRC20, as well as RAMI-IROS22, ICUAS 22, IMAV 22 and ICUAS23
